Update README after release 0.7.0 (#110)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: README.md

| System property                   | Environment variable              | Description                                                                                                         |
|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | otel.trace.exporter=jaeger-thrift-splunk | OTEL_EXPORTER=jaeger-thrift-splunk              | Select the Jaeger exporter. This is the default value.                                                                                          

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| otel.trace.exporter=jaeger-thrift-splunk | OTEL_EXPORTER=jaeger-thrift-splunk              | Select the span exporter to use. `jaeger-thrift-splunk` is the default value.                                                                                          
```

| otel.exporter.jaeger.endpoint     | OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_ENDPOINT     | The Jaeger endpoint to connect to. Default is `http://localhost:9080/v1/trace`.

> | otel.exporter.jaeger.service.name | OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_SERVICE_NAME | The service name of this JVM instance. Default is `unknown_service:java`.                                                        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| otel.exporter.jaeger.service.name | OTEL_EXPORTER_JAEGER_SERVICE_NAME | The service name of this JVM instance. Default is `unknown_service:java`, but any `service.name` provided via other means will supercede this value.
```

| otel.config.max.links               | OTEL_CONFIG_MAX_LINKS              | `256`          | Maximum number of links per span.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| otel.config.max.event.attrs         | OTEL_CONFIG_MAX_EVENT_ATTRS        | unlimited      | Maximum number of attributes per event.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | otel.config.max.link.attrs          | OTEL_CONFIG_MAX_LINK_ATTRS         | unlimited      | Maximum number of attributes per link.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Author: Max attr length, max event & link attributes are no longer configurable by property in the SDK so I've removed them.
